you want to stand right about here stand
back and just start spraying just stay
in the cardboard because it'll come out
pretty quickly you can be a dangle a
little bit yeah
yeah it's just quite a bit it's a big
tip in there brother you can see
that's pretty cool now go ahead and
change that to the one
okay
it's even more
do a test shot right here just do
straight up and down this do a quick
shot okay now go to your two
see see the difference there cause we're
getting more out of another one
I'll go ahead and put a little more on
there
you should be able to walk on it
might be a little tacky but it'll be
done pretty soon
that should be good that's alright